Add references to redeploy button (#1528)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: docs/src/development/troubleshoot.md

## Force a redeploy

There are times where you might want to trigger a redeployment of your application. 

> You can redeploy each environment in Console by clicking the "Redeploy" button on the top right corner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can redeploy each environment in the management console by clicking the "Redeploy" button on the top right corner.
```

![Redeploy button in Console](/images/troubleshoot/platformsh-redeploy-button.png "0.5")

> Redeploy is also available using the following Platform.sh CLI command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Redeploys are also available using the following Platform.sh CLI command:
```
